How dare you be blatant
Could it be that he is bullying our Zhao family, which is easy to bully a lot?
I, I, I, I didn't deceive you.
You have no evidence?
Ah evidence
Tell me to give birth to you
If we're wrong
There are also memorials in it.
thing
What!
Say is it good to play tea unblocked?
I also hurt my grandfather
Let me tell you something.
Don't talk nonsense!
This medicine is available in many pharmacies.
You don't have to sell my pharmacy
Are you shameless?
Can't you?
No wonder I'm going through that old thing
Let me go to your pharmacy to buy medicine
So you didn't collude long ago
I'm telling you.
If you don't trust me, don't let me cure you